# SuperCardsUltra Scenarios

1. Four friends decide they want to play a card game. They all launch SuperCardsUltra and try to connect to a lobby. They realize that they are unable to connect because they are not on a LAN connection. They then download a third-party VPN software, such as LogMeIn Hamachi, to extend a LAN connection to all of them, and try to join a lobby again. This time the successfully connect to the lobby and start choosing the game they wished to play between Mao, Pedro, Blackjack, and Texas Hold Em.

2. Nearing the end of a game of Pedro the score is 84-85, Player 2 and player 4 are on team 2. The initial hands of 9 cards each are dealt to each player starting with player 1, making player 4 the dealer. The first player to bid is on team 2, however he doesn't have a good hand, so he passes. The second player to bid is on team 1, he has the Ace, King, Queen of spades, but nothing else in spades so he bids 6. The third player, doesn't have much of anything to bid on so he passes as well. The fourth player, also doesn't have a good hand and passes as well. Since the second player had the highest bid, he calls his suit as spades, and the system removes all cards the players have that aren't spades, or the 5 of clubs. Showing every how many cards each play went in with, player 1 and player 3 both go in with no cards, player 4 goes in with 1 card, and player 3 goes in with his 3 cards. They are dealt the reamining 18 cards in the deck up to 6 cards. However since there is not enough cards to get everyone back to 6 cards, player 4, the dealer, is given 4 of the discarded cards to fill his hand. At this point, since player 2 got the bid he leads with his Ace. Player 3 plays a 2 to since the 2 catches itself. Player 4, plays his only card the 5 of clubs. Player 1 plays a 3. Since the Ace is the highest face value card player 2 takes the Ace, the 3, and the 5 and sets them aside until the end of the hand. Since player 3 played a 2 he takes it and sets it aside. Player 2, still haveing the lead, plays his next highest card the King. Player 3 plays the 4. Player 4 has no more cards on suit so he is out. Player 1 plays the 6. Player 2 again has the highest card and takes the King, 4, and 6 and sets them with the cards he took last hand. Player 2 has the lead and leads his last card the Queen. Player 3 plays a 7 while player 1 plays a 9. Player 2 has the highest cards again and sets the Queen, 7, and 9 with the other cards his taken. At this point since both players on team 2 are out of cards the round is called, and the remaining cards that the other players have they keep and points are tallied. Team 2 have 2 cards worth points, the Ace which is worth 1 point, and the 5 of clubs being worth 5, made their bid of 6 putting their point total at 91. Team 1 have 4 cards worth points, the 2 worth 1 point, the 5 worth 5 points, the 10 worth 1 point, and the Jack worth 3 points, got 10 points that round bringing their total score to 94. Since both teams reached at least 91 points in the same round, the team that had the bid wins the hand, so team 2 wins with 91 points. 

3. Four friends - Jack, Jerry, Jamie, and James - are deciding how to spend their time on a lazy Saturday afternoon in Clarksville, TN. They go to the library in the hopes of working in some of their homework their high school math teacher gave them that's due Monday. They finish the assignment before dinner time so they want to play some games together to pass the extra hour or so before they need to leave for the day. Jack felt like to playing card games, but no one in the group seemed to bring physical cards with them. Moments passed when Jerry remembered that SuperCardsUltra was available online to download for free! Jerry spoke out "Guys! Let's play this new game I found!" They all grow curious as they get up to move towards Jerry's computer. Jerry explains they need to just download a server program and then they all need to download the client program on their respective computers. They group follows this short plan. They boot into the game. Jerry starts up the server and labels it "J all the way". Jerry then calls out saying "feel free to join the server my dudes". 
     They all now check thier server list and see the server name appear as it was named by Jerry. "Alright, what do you want to play Jack?" said Jerry?", "I don't know what do you want?" retored Jack. Suddenly Jamie chimed in that he opened the list of games to play and says "Hey I remember Mao from when I was younger, let's play that!". The group then decides to play that. The group begins a game of Mao. James was randomly selected as the dealer, he selects the rules randomly using the "random button" and they then begin play. Jerry was the first to make a mistake and played out of turn so Jerry penalized him. James was given his card back two him and James forced him to draw another card. Play then went to Jack as he was next in the turn order. The game continued until the first player to run out of cards happens and they are crowned the winner. Jerry won the game! The friends all jokingly accuse him of cheating and they laugh about it and go home.
